there is everyone on the sea I hope
you are all great so me
it's just a little video shot of
shut up what's really going on
angry I do not have the only general of
all of that I could play black
up 2 I would have it monday night here I am
I'm going to make videos on it for the 14th
for the xiii so just before
start this rant I want
just to say that activia I'm coming over to
other page but had warned
that none to avoid will be accepted on
youtube on blake the better they
would be banned deleted and that the
channels that do not have partnerships
seal strike so that's for sure it's a
evidence about people who are partners
who make videos on will be
forced to remove the video under penalty
to lose their chain but they they
will not have a strike
so here I just want to put the
relay points points on i on
that and so I really find
disgusting that people are coming to
to make known for that or to have
eyes or d finally the way people
flip their videos like this in
knowing that the association
effectively that who are going to have a
punishment behind
and if not he does not come to his
partners before having the sanction and
I find it really disgusting for
the others because there is an inequality
chances that's really huge
so I take a just example of a
youtube two years and I have nothing against
you pastor cities
I have nothing against you it's really
you who really have an example
fragments so a normal chain that he
had 2,000 subscribers three days ago and
half the few subscribers three days ago
which revolved around 120 views per day
so it was an inactive community
so I'm sorry for you but we're going
see directly when on his chain so
the hall was set at 13h sailing boats which
does it tumble video always it's
really disgusting so in a day and
the 23000 view
there he had in anjou 19 9 u 19 hours
6000 of wake is less so we go
just below two weeks ago 988 that
not even age 8,7 videos tutorials
this is happening a video on
nkoulou is 249 that's 384 there are two
month two months three months
353 send back that he is not turning
she does not try a lot of sight so
I love on social blais of abnormal full
can really be judges there are none
enormously ingested a tale task n the
peace by name and so who should
turn around 180 maximum view
money
and here it is here say it look
2000 subscribers in addition 26 me of view it is
to 100 delighted leila 1040 in views per day
really huge and it's really
disgusting I say good but really
disgusting it's really a proof
of immaturity I will say in blue language
the message I want to send at the end
so here's having this little stat 1 the
small curve that is very nice to
watch
here are quiet subscribers of small lots
little stockings and there mail subscribers
but the subscriber not quiet and there it is
what the butterflies there they increased
three thousand and a few subscribers have even
not here it's really it's
disgusting for other tubes hours
so I make you repeat but it's
really is not complaining mature
new blocks it is better not
get wet here we can see both the
cca has cool we can see here are the
views per day they are the end per month
by day and we can see for a moment there
is 300 views 400 viola was not
it was here it was more there were in
good stage with his community of 2000
subscribers but then it starts to drop
abc abc at 121 8 130 buses a day and there
he's going to increase he's going to be the palm is
discount per day here he gets to spend
partners it's really not nice
for them you're afraid they 'll break 10
breaks the ass to make their video is
released him balls he steals all
oaths a fluid bettina swelling
you other big tubes hui
they do not make any video above so
frankly respect to you guys on
twitter it but you see I'm doing a
kwami girl this pole is nothing at all
you see like swelling that's it
really not at this level so here it is
So here
everything I had to say there is no
than you but that a game sorry to have
taken as an example of it was the example
more frag is the example so I have
write the guy i wrote him the
mail you will see that they have
I was hoping quite constructive so I
therefore wanted'll read so therefore we
what year I thought she even had
blocked so I said we are we are in
hold year what is freedom
of short phrase so he told me yes he
there is a problem then I am explained
by mail what I wanted to tell him so
so yes so it was to tell you that
it's normal that you win as much
of subscribers because yes in his video there
boasts of winning subscribers that's
surely huge guys I'm too
happy so it's really crémants
someone can say that in his video
it's completely immoral here
so you win as many juice subscribers
because the only thing that breaks through
youtube that's what has never been done
traveling is not for everyone
but I did things when I
I made myself for that I was taken
on the side that I have this is why I
resumed here to reach an audience all
simply
so I do not advise going to dislike
these videos I said that and that no
honestly it's just an example so
knowing is not on him
so I saw some tube status you were at
youtube hours with her as was
inactive at 2000 subscribers what I
wish nobody but from there to pass
to 158 per day to 1000 in two days
away it's really disgusting and
sorry to tell you a thousand notes none
deserve that so that's how I am
said no militant makes to
videos on black of the before everything
the world is a proof of immaturity that
hide equal opportunities on
youtube who could not have waited
the 13
and well prepared all the videos and
do like everyone not
the questioning ben me I'm lying if he has
seen this weekend the ghb the opportunity if I
I had not ready all my
videos I will have all tumbled and the 13
like everyone and after I say good
on this talent is worried page I
fasting dislike no and videos
I'm not like that my next
video shot of people like you
because yes you're not the only one because
yes it's not the only one to make videos
in mass on bullets cohabit to have
a fictional community that will not last
not because I know I'm scared for
it is that everyone is made
pleasure because he is black ops 2
after all everyone who watched
apathy that are on the lookout for
blake novelties at goal and after they
will go back to see the big ones
youtuber is always down so that
it's just a board
continuation try to take into account
what I told you thank you if you read
my entire message to the mayor so here is
in the video the soon to touch his
end anyway I am very happy
from my community I hope you
will not let go I'm going to do a lot of
videos on this little hour tray like
many people
so I wish you
a good view and stay active on my
chain frankly it makes me great
pleasure and all the people it was at
mayor